Description of Gradient Clustering Algorithm based on Grad-CAM++

1. Forward image through model to get prediction score and prediction label.   

2. Compute gradients of output with the predicted label w.r.t convolutional feature map of target layer. 
   Computed gradients are of size C x W x H, where C is number of different feature maps.

3. Using computed gradients, compute the weighting coefficients following the formula in the Grad-CAM++ paper.

4. Peform a ReLU operation for the gradients in each of the C feature maps.

5. Normalize the pixel-wise weighting coefficients by their sum over only positive gradient regions.

6. Multiply the pixel-wise weighting coefficients with the corresponding ReLU-ed gradients in each of the C feature maps.
   This will produce an output of C x W x H weighted gradients, 0 where the gradients are not positive.

7. Sum the gradients across the pixels of each of the C feature maps.
   This will produce an output of C weighted gradients.

8. Multiply the weighted gradients with each feature map pixel wise and take ReLU of each gradient weighted feature map.

9. Sum the C feature maps together to get the base Grad-CAM++ heatmap of size (W x H) 

10. Cluster the C weighted gradients into n clusters using kmeans clustering algorithm.
    The output will consist of n clusters, each containing a different number of weighted gradients.

11. For each cluster of weighted gradients, multiply the weighted gradients with the feature maps of that cluster only pixel wise 
   and apply a ReLU operation for each of the gradient weighted feature maps.

   Assuming for example, there are 3 clusters with c1, c2 and c3 number of weighted gradients for each of the clusters, this will produce
   3 different sets of gradient weighted feature maps of size:
   
   1) c1 x W x H
   2) c2 x W x H
   3) c3 x W x H
   
   where c1 + c2 + c3 = C   

12. For each of the n feature map clusters, sum them across the total number of feature maps.
    This will give an output of size n x W x H, these are the individual heatmaps for the different gradient clusters. 

13. Now we have the individual gradient cluster heatmaps as well as the base Grad-CAM++ heatmap.

14. Threshold the base Grad-CAM++ heatmap by 20% of max value and find the largest contour of the base Grad-CAM++ heatmap.

15. For each of the n gradient cluster heatmaps:
	Threshold the cluster heatmap by 10% of max value and find the largest contour.
	If the contour overlaps the contour formed in the base Grad-CAM++ heatmap:
		Merge the contours together to form a larger contour

16. At the end of process 15, return the final merged contour.

17. Obtain the bounding box based on the final merged contour.
		

